CS 1 22fa Final Exam
Part A: Pitfalls
Student Name: Nyasha Makaya

Part A.1: Syntax Errors
0. Line 1 has a syntax error for putting quotes around the second parameter
which is syntax for a string value, not a function argument. The valid
syntax required for the function header on Line 1 replaces 'lst' with lst.
1. Line 13 has a syntax error for omitting the colon (: ) after a while statement.
The valid syntax would put a colon after len(list).
2. Line 17 has an indendation error: the elif statement is not indented with the same
number of spaces as its subsequent if statement. The valid syntax would have the elif
aligned with the if statement above.
3. Line 8 has a try statement without an except to it. The valid syntax would involve
an except statement below the return statement in line 9.
4. Line 14: the use of the = to compare equality. It should have been or lst[i] == item:
5. Line 19: the elif statement doesnt have a condition. The elif statement should have been followed by a
condition, or else the else statement was supposed to be used.

Part A.2: Semantic Errors
0. Line 25 has a semantic error due to adding an unspecified '.txt' suffix
when reading the file. While this is valid syntax, the function specifies
that the file is read as given, without adding suffixes.
1. Line 1: is_palindrome function doesn't have a return statement, which causes problems when it is
being called in line 33, as it is being expected to return true or false.
2. Line 34 is trying to add an element to a list using the + operation, which is wrong. To add
elements to the list, it should have been ps.append(word).
3. line 35 trys to add elements of one list to another list by using the + operation, which is wrong. To
do that, we are supposed to iterate over the elements of the ps list and add them individually to the
palindromes list.
4. Line 36 is repetitive, it is reading the next line of the file, which is the same thing done by the for loop.
5. Line 31 attempts to split the words in a line, but doesn't specify the character at which the words are supposed
to be split. It should have been words.split(' ').

Part A.3: Style(Design Flaw) Errors
0. Both Lines 7 and 9 have style issues _specific to inline comment spacing_
there should be a space before(if next to code) and after  # for
inline comments.
1. Line 2 has a docstring that has single quotes around it: it should have 3 double quotes around it.
2. Lines 9, 10 and 12 have inconsistent indendation(they indent by a different number of spaces)
3. the naming throughout the file is a bad naming practice as non of the variable names can actually tell
you anything about it, same as the function name.
4. Line 8 has spacing problems, the d % 2 == 0: statement was supposed to be spaced like: d % 2 == 0. The same applies to
lines 3, 4 and 5.
5. line 9 has a comment in front of the code
the comment was supposed to be above the code to make it cleaner.
